[Music]
welcome back to let's play out later
sophie my name is carsten
we are getting along in the plot so we
need to
do a bunch of stuff
we need to have the blueprints made
which it looks like it's just wait for
him
we'd wait just need to wait
and we need to go to prospector strength
so that's pretty straightforward
let's go to the world map
sorry for the wait
you're last again sophie i'm sorry
i'm glad i made it in time oh carol
you're already here we heard all about
it harold's gonna be coming with us from
now on right
yeah we agreed to that the other day
[Music]
i need to test my guns after all yeah
sure
you're really coming because you're
worried about us aren't you don't say
stupid things
you don't have to be so embarrassed
about it
but it would be really helpful if you
came with us harold i look forward to
working together
yeah okay then let's go
[Music]
before we do that come to think of it
i want to go and
make armor
[Music]
welcome
what armor do you want to make so
let's make probably the best with the
adult cloth
i want to put this on sophie
that looks good
defense and speed is also good
[Music]
so let's see i'll do that
and don't think it matters too much what
we do here
actually let's sort this by quality
and let's use that one are there any
traits you wanted to have
parameters five and six mp by 25
and defense and speed by five
[Music]
actually her running out of mp usually
isn't a big deal so let's do that
it's done it looks great
so we will give that to sophie
[Music]
slightly less hp and mp
but much better on everything else
so let's go ahead and go to the world
map
where to
and prospector strand right there
[Music]
laundry said that he found the soul
stone around here last time
[Music]
and i can't find it sounds like it's
really rare so maybe it's not here
[Music]
monsters
i guess we get a boss battle this looks
easy let's end this quick
now what can you do
physical damage plus damage over time
medium area chance reduce wait time
after turns
and fire damage let's do that
oh yeah this will be trivial
just don't move
over here yeah that was
that was kind of pathetic
[Music]
don't pop out of nowhere like that oh
wait there's something on the ground
it's round and really smooth could this
be the soul stone
i did it i really found it okay i should
hurry back to the atlea and synthesize
it
uh except i won't because
i want to
run back around and see if there's
anything
any other areas while i'm out on the
world map
where to i haven't been yet
haven't been to puzzling path
okay i'll check here real quick and then
go to puzzling path
[Music]
because i'm hoping to find that gold
pooney
this will be a walk in the park these
are not gold ponies
[Music]
i know it doesn't say it's in puzzling
path but i haven't been there before
so here we go
[Music]
hope this hits that was hardly even
target practice
okay so let's go to the next area here
where should i go
those things look threatening
[Music]
i don't think i want to fight those
hello black goony get ready for a fight
probably shouldn't have done this but oh
well
so what do we have 234s and 208s
[Music]
um
now we'll just do a kick
we'll do it on the pune
you definitely are going to soul step
and you
do that do a self buff
i'll use an item on the enemy
[Music]
i'll continue this will work
here's a bonus
okay next up
let's use that on the puny that probably
finish off the puny
actually let's use that
on this one that has a warning try to
finish it off
you go ahead and do sky blast there
see what that is
let's go with that
okay that one's done
why you this is a chance
here i go
[Music]
okay not too bad
finally the fact that that i can use
items
without having to worry too much about
just using them up because they get
refilled that is
a huge bonus as far as
fighting stuff is concerned
i really don't want to fight you right
now
so we're here
[Music]
just trying to gather things up
and grab that one
and then let's go ahead and leave
actually i can just use this
i'm coming in ah
leon why the sudden visit i'm not really
here to see you sophie
i came over to talk to placa today talk
to
me i'll try to answer what i can
i'm glad you understand okay first i
want you to tell me about your hobbies
hobbies let's see
i enjoy gazing at the surface of the
water in alchemy cauldrons
i see that's a strange hobby okay
next what's your favorite color
all right that should be plenty thanks
for helping me out
no problem i don't understand how that
helped but
i'm glad if it was of use um leon
why did you suddenly want to ask
practice so many questions
obviously it's for her clothes to make
clothes that best fit someone
it's important to know details about
them oh
i see so this was about her clothes
yep now i know a lot about blocked up
all i have to do now is make the clothes
you should both look forward to when
it's finished see you later
she's like a tempest
but i'm sure she'll be able to make some
really amazing clothes
i'm excited to see it yes me too
[Music]
all right
now let's make that what should i make
spirit needle what material should i use
i don't think it really matters for
something like this
and um
what is the best quality stuff we have
[Music]
sure that's fine okay then let's start
i think something good will happen all
right
this is going well
yeah this is going great
[Music]
is this really okay okay it's time to
finish
and done what traits should i add
okay don't think it matters it's
um
i'll do that and that i guess
yeah this is all done
all right it's done
if i recall julio said that the soul
device
absolutely requires the spirit needle
this is the key to getting clock the
soul out of the book and into the doll
i should think it over
i did it like that then this would
happen
so
no that wouldn't work
[Music]
it's no good no matter how i think about
it this one thing isn't enough
the idea itself isn't wrong but i feel
like i need several of these spirit
needles
but i can't get any more soul stones to
make more spirit needles
i can't think of any other way what
should i
do i feel like there are no options
i'd make progress if there was a way of
getting more of these
but there's no convenient way to
wait get more of an item
oh that's right i could go ask corey
about it
[Music]
compass of hades
what kind of stuff what does that
need
capacities needs four spirit needles
and two spruce and paper and secret
power okay
i do have two yeah i have plenty of
spruce and everything else
okay so we need to wait
[Music]
until morning
sophie oh harold
[Music]
are you okay you look really tired
i'm fine i've always looked tired since
the day i was born
more importantly i brought this for you
wow it's a wind-up spring is this the
one for plocta
yeah that's right thank you harold
this will really help no problem
it was a pretty good change of pace so
do you think you can use this yeah
i think it's fine why do you ask i was
just a little curious
it's fine if there aren't any problems
you really do seem tired
i'm not i'll be going home now
okay be careful on your way home
[Music]
he really was tired i wonder if he
didn't sleep while he was making this
wind-up spring
thank you so much harold
all right let's go to the street
and talk to corneria
who is not there yet
[Music]
um
i do not see her
well let's go in here oh there she is
that was very good thank you very much
oh corey it's unusual to meet you at the
cafe
[Music]
yes i had never come here before
never cared for tea after all but i'm
glad they had more than just tea to
drink
i try my best to prepare for any guests
to have an enjoyable time here
just as i'd expect but why did you
decide to come here today
i came to deliver an order to meister
horst
and he treated me as thanks
i didn't expect that you don't care for
tea though
but everything here was delicious i'll
come back
see you again thank you for visiting
corey seems really happy visiting a shop
for the first time can make you nervous
she must simply feel relieved sophie
feel free to relax and take your time
here too
okay except i need to talk to her but oh
i can talk to you though hello
oh welcome sophie got a nice smile today
as usual
oh really yeah but
what is it well you're always wearing
similar looking clothes
you got such a cute face you should wear
something more stylish
you think so but you're always wearing
the same thing too tess
i'm wearing the shops uniform oh right
by the way are the bunny ears part of
the uniform
no this is my own original addition the
meister allowed it too
huh is mr horse really into bunny ears
or something
that's quite a misunderstanding the
rabbit ears are popular with the
children that's why i allowed them
i see first time hearing that i thought
it was because it's popular with the
male customers
[Music]
you probably shouldn't push this issue
too much further
i've got new stuff in stock feel free to
trade for them
what will you so
that looks interesting how do you have
[Music]
[Applause]
hmm
[Music]
okay we'll also hold off on that for
right now
let's see if we can chase down corey
there you are
[Music]
corey oh sophie
have you come to replenish your supplies
no i came here to ask you something
today i'd actually like you to make more
of these
what is this um it's necessary to turn
placto into a doll
into a doll i'm sorry
i don't understand oh right i hadn't
told you about it
you see
i see i understand now
you need to duplicate that item for
plocta
yeah that's right can you do it would
you be okay
yes it's okay it seems you're very eager
to do this
i can work a little thank you corey
oh but i don't know about the money
you're going to work so it wouldn't be
free it's money
oh for the duplication that's fine
i can work for free once in a while
no way i couldn't let you do that
[Music]
okay i understand in that case
uh i'm so thirsty
i really really want some milk
huh what's wrong all of a sudden corey
i told you what's wrong very thirsty
and i really really want to drink some
milk
if only there was a kind person who
would bring me milk in my moment of need
i'd wait any charges for work
oh i get it okay i'll go get you some
milk
thank you very much i'm pretty sure i
have something that'll work for that
[Music]
corey i brought the milk uh it's
true sophie you're such a kind and
caring person you've done so
much for me please let me thank you by
working for you
[Music]
you don't have to act anymore corey you
know yes you asked me to get you some
milk so i didn't have to worry about you
working for free
well i actually really did want to drink
some milk huh
really it was all true
anyway moving on i'll do the work you
asked for now
corey it's just that i'll need a little
time
it seems to be a pretty complicated item
if i brush it i could oh right
it's whole yes very sorry
but i think it'll take about a week is
that still okay
yeah of course i'm just thankful that
you'll do it
there's no rush take your time and don't
push yourself
i understand i'll take my time but try
to finish it
as quickly as i can okay thanks
[Music]
so we'll have that in a week
now do we have anything worth
i may as well stock up on these probably
the cloth as well
regular cloth is probably what i'll
unregister next
thank you thank you
in fact actually that i just restocked
on that cloth
so that means i can make armor
good
what armor do you want to make others
let's see
[Music]
that's the regular one that one
you can make two of those
which materials should i use
[Music]
hmm
are there any traits you wanted to have
is this okay it's done
it looks great and we'll make another
one
[Music]
hmm
now do we have a speed booster
defense and speed boost
we have another one that does that
attack and defense
yeah we'll go ahead and do that then are
there any traits you wanted to have
base stats by 10 defense and speed
and mk super enhance it's done
it looks great and we need another
wonder
shirt which material should i use
uh hpmp enhanced maybe
[Music]
are there any traits you wanted to have
yes about
mp by 25 for everything plus five
percent
uh i think we'll do everything plus five
it looks great so if we go into
equipment here
[Music]
i'll give that to corey
give you the one with speed
and you
the one with attack and defense
[Music]
let's go to
let's check with fritz
now let's go back to the outlayer
no guess i just have to wait
so i need to collect the required items
which we have to need to wait for him to
finish
need to wait for her to bring the
clothes and need to wait a week for
that okay
recipe ideas
haven't made that
anything else
okay we'll just go ahead and make
the neutralizer
green that i haven't made
i'll just throw some of these into it
um sure
doesn't really matter right now just
want to have something to have it just
in case
is this good and also just to have it
locked okay
let's talk about this this isn't bad
this isn't bad
is this good all right i'll finish it
now
wow what's up
is this okay sure that's fine
okay got another thing crafted
[Music]
and that will do it for now i guess i'll
go out adventuring to pass some time
next time i hope you enjoy
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play atlear sophie
my name is karsten
so i believe what we need to do right
now mostly is wait
now i would like to see if we go to the
world map
where are we going next i did look up
one thing and apparently
the gold pony is a rare spawn
[Music]
and
i didn't really look up too much about
where exactly is the best place
but it is apparently a rare spawn
[Music]
so we're going to spend some time here
uh no not
here
i think it was actually the next place
we wanted to go to
because i don't see poonies here
[Music]
where to maybe it's here
so let's do some fighting and passing of
time
this might have been a mistake
[Music]
yeah that's a little tough
so if we can manage to beat these guys
i should probably try those birds again
just for the heck of it
this stuff's mostly single except for
that that's that's an area
you can't hit all of them but see if we
can get these three
that actually is a good chunk of damage
i should probably get her some better
items
[Music]
i'll enchant too
leave it to me
all right so next up
we need to heal up canaria
i have her do a kick
uh let's actually just have her attack
that one finish it off
actually
the second round of his
damage over time should finish it off
so i'll have you lightning that guy
have you aoe everyone
[Music]
actually if we just do an attack yeah
whatever you do is going to go after
everyone
so we'll do aimed snipe on that guy
i'll use an item
[Music]
i won't hold back
that was not a lot of damage
[Music]
a break okay
oh hey we got one of them things i need
that to craft something don't i
we can easily beat them
so we'll just beat up the poonies
hope this hits leave it to me
[Music]
yay we won
i'm not sure if i can take on another
one of those wolves right now
but i'm gonna gather this stuff up
[Music]
and then goes those birds a try that
we're blocking the path
first let's go ahead and head back to
town heal up and recover
i've brought the blueprints for the doll
sophie oh
hello friends you finished them yeah
here you go
[Music]
i don't get it at all oh i suppose so
well don't worry about it i'm the one
who'll be making the doll anyway
it doesn't matter if you don't
understand the blueprints ah
that's right that's good yep
also i spent many days and sleepless
nights perfecting them
there's nothing to worry about i kept
mobility in mind
but considered plucked as gender to make
sure there was no lack of feminine
curves and
ah i see i see
as i'd expect from you fritz
however there are some things that i
need you to prepare for me
to me what do you need
materials to create the doll you said
that you need this doll to be able to
move right
yes that's what i was planning i put a
lot of emphasis on durability during the
planning stage
but i don't think it'll be enough normal
materials would wear out after they've
been used for a long time
that's why we need special materials
this
um so i need to make this
yeah that's right can you do it yes of
course
this is a favor i asked from you i'd
love to help however i can
good then i'll leave that to you come
see me when you finish it
i got it thanks
material for plaque's body i need to do
my best to make it
[Music]
okay so we got something to make
i did bite
and what does that need okay
what should i make
there it is clay secret power and
neutralizer
easy though
i actually want to
try fighting those birds right now while
i'm thinking of it got a destination
it's these ones right
[Music]
what could that
they look pretty strong okay
[Music]
hmm
it doesn't hit everyone but
[Music]
we'll give this a try
ow
[Music]
this item is really effective
well i do a chunk of damage but so do
they i think i'm going to lose
we'll do that
[Music]
we'll do another aimed snipe there
let's try this see how it goes
i should be able to finish some of these
off at least
okay
they're both on warning
we need you alive
and you alive so both those
should happen before they do anything
[Music]
quick throw actually will your regular
attack do it
now your regular attack will go later so
let's do quick throw
finish one of them off definitely
and then finish the other off
[Music]
yeah we got a few levels out of it too i
feel stronger
i need to hone my skills further
[Music]
i think i'm stronger and taller
and that's a really pathetic item for
all that effort
but now we're in scar the land
[Music]
i don't think i've been here before
music is certainly interesting oh hello
[Music]
actually i'm gonna go well yeah let's
grab this item
[Music]
and let's see what's over this way scab
of the earth
what pleasant names
[Music]
see there's something that's just one of
those guys i should be able to get by
him
[Music]
and a bunch of stuff over here
some of which i don't think i've seen
before
[Music]
certainly have a lot of things
don't there me just passing through
[Music]
those i don't recall no i think i have a
couple of those
oh black poonies well i'm not interested
in black ponies right now i need some
gold bunnies
to wounded land now we need to go over
and check that other path to the south
[Music]
hold off on picking those up just make
sure i have some room
oh hello bird
pierced ruins
i love the music
hmm this kind of looks ominous here
[Music]
let's see
how can i drop
[Music]
i guess i'll drop that one
okay
what's the music sound like at night
this is a neat area
[Music]
sounds like just the uh it's just
percussion only at night
anyway let's go back to the atlear we
need to make that clay
i did
see if we get another cut scene here
[Music]
sophie are you home
ah leon what's wrong nothing's wrong
i finished blocked his clothes so i
brought them over
here you go wow
this is what do you think i emphasized
ease of mobility but i also made it
feminine
leon these clothes are amazing
yes i didn't even imagine that it would
be to this degree of perfection
sounds like you like it that's good yeah
i
really like it right plota yes they're
quite to my liking that's good
anyway i should get going i want to see
you wearing those clothes real soon got
it
promise me yes we promise thank you so
much
[Music]
see you later
leon really is amazing she was able to
make such
lovely clothes yes she possesses quite a
level of skill
she's obviously not ordinary even from
my point of view
yeah anyway this is another step forward
in
operation human eyes plata
[Music]
so let's make that hmm
clay
[Music]
let's see i'll come with clay here we go
cereals to use
sorry placto but i don't think it really
matters what we pick here
[Music]
um
he's picking things they have a bunch of
is this good which cauldron should i use
okay
let's start that's what happened i'll
use this here
yeah good
i'll use this here
this isn't bad
[Music]
to transfer
yeah again i don't think it really
matters um
sure whatever okay
now we can make this now because we have
some natural oil
what material should i only have two of
them though
they're not real high quality
yeah i should probably hold off at least
until i know i have a
better source of them
anything else while i'm here
[Music]
what material should i use
if we sort this by
category value
these speed boosts
[Music]
yeah here
interesting crystal ball can go there
that's useful
now i want to see which cauldron is back
so green is useful to have
is this real which
[Music]
i don't think i have anything here that
goes in green do i
[Music]
what's yellow cauldron is best
not all that good
i guess we'll try going for blue
so we have those that fit that way
well that's parameter six i don't
necessarily want to
use up that
that might be good
[Music]
um
let's see what else do we have that
actually this i should start by quality
because i do want to have slightly
higher quality things in here at least
but i also want to look
[Music]
hmm
look at the shape
yeah i guess we'll go with this which
cauldron is best
okay then we want to get stuff in blue
and red
that's actually going to be real hard to
do
if we sort this again by category value
keeping in mind what it how it's shaped
yeah probably we're gonna go with one of
these
is this real which cauldron is best okay
then
let's start
[Music]
so if i put it there
this material goes here and
put it there
[Music]
put one of these here
now
and we want to put
if we put this here oh right this is
going well
and then that there this is going well
this here is this really okay
evasion up large that's more what i'm
aiming for
okay what traits should i add speed
boost and defensive speed enhance
yeah this is all done
[Music]
okay so that's made finally
who should get that
probably sophie
defender the five to defense another 15
to speed
now how about leon
having her go first is actually good so
she can get that initial buff off
because
having that at the start of everything
really helps
so i think i'm going to give it to leon
so she can get that
aoe buff to everyone fast
now let's wait until morning and go
deliver that clay
[Music]
hello fritz ah sophie did you finish the
item i requested
yes i made it just fine i see
as i'd expect of you
this is for placta i worked really hard
on it
here it is what do you think
[Music]
i can't complain about the quality or
quantity
if i have this much i'll be able to
create a superb doll
that's great just leave the rest to me
now how should i start
okay fritz i'll leave it to you
i hope it's a really cute doll
yeah of course i'll create something
beyond your expectations
bring it over to the atlear once it's
done just relax and wait until then
it's okay i look forward to seeing it
so again we're back to weight
so we just need to wait for those
[Music]
now let's go to the street here
what should probably make sure oh you
don't have
you haven't restocked yet
[Music]
now as far as requests 19 days left
says it's in fungal garden
[Music]
which request will you accept
i can turn in some of these certainly
welcome
is that rumor okay sure
see you next week give gifts to people
you know and you want to be happy to
receive a gift after all however you
still need to think about the item you
give
okay is that rumor okay thank you very
much
heard a story about canary raising her
voice quite unusual it
seems to have been when she heard
thunder perhaps she doesn't like thunder
okay is that room thank you very much
seems elise doesn't like milk well it's
more like her body can't handle it
rather than a dislike i'm always careful
about what i serve when she visits my
shop
is that room thank you very much seems
julia enjoys training quite a bit he
asked me to let him know
if i'd come across any items that could
aid his training
okay welcome
which request will you accept
[Music]
hmm those are in the fungal garden
i think go ahead and try going after
those
[Music]
what's our destination
i just noticed that we've been recording
for almost a half an hour so
we won't spend a long time here look
over
[Music]
but we'll get the uh
we'll fight that wolf and see if we get
a golden poony
they don't look very strong
[Music]
here we go
hope this hits that was hardly even
target practice
[Music]
all right so let's fight you okay hey
it is you that we need to fight right
come here
they look pretty strong well one of
these guys anyway
and soul step
and sky blast there's something
dangerous
this item is really effective
man that pony nestle does a lot
[Music]
i mean compared to my other attacks
anyway
that hurts too
[Music]
okay so
i don't have anything
i think that will wake up or
revive
so just attack for right now
sorry corey this item is really
[Music]
effective
this was an obvious result i feel like
working my arm
[Music]
uh was that not what i needed for the
was that not what i needed for that
twin header are they only at night or
something
[Music]
please don't tell me they're rare too
what are you doing way back here
[Music]
this will be a walk in the park
[Applause]
[Music]
here we go
there okay
[Music]
is it a rare spawn too because that's
going to be really annoying
oh come on i sense danger
okay here they are
they have the ominous music too so
that's
not a good sign
[Music]
oh they have 700 hit points
well i guess i won't be doing that
mission right now
[Music]
dammit
so uh can we please run i feel
dizzy
[Music]
thank you yeah i guess we won't be doing
that mission right now
oh we'll just head back to the atlier
yes
excuse me oh corey do you need something
i brought the items you requested
ah the spirit needles one
two three yeah there's enough here thank
you so much
huh corey did you get a little shorter
by any chance
i rushed a little too much for you i'm a
little tired now
but i'm okay i'm sure i'll be back to
normal soon enough
i drank the milk he brought me
corey anyway seeing how i delivered the
items
i'll be leaving now okay thank you again
corey
i'll go visit your shop again soon
yes i'll be waiting
these spirit needles cory made this many
i should be able to make an advice to
move plot this soul
yeah i'll do it
i did but that device will have to wait
till later
for right now i'll end the episode here
hope you enjoy thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
so
welcome back to let's play atlear sophie
my name is karsten
as you saw i went ahead and picked up
the doll making
uh costume dlc because i think
i hope we're actually getting close to
when we can do that
okay now we have some things that we
need to make
why is it saying yeah interesting
as good as that item is it'll be even
better in four more levels
so let's go down to
i need to find a better source for
natural oil
[Music]
compass of hades okay
quality will decrease but that's fine
for this
needs four spirit needles now i want to
check
if i go to the street here
i wonder if i can register the spirit
needles again
just for the hell of it
okay you've restocked on everything so
that's good
thank you thanks
are you really okay are you really up
here i want to buy three there we go
thank you okay what can i drop i think
i'll drop the cloth
i got a lot of that and it's really easy
for me to make
[Music]
if i can register the needle it doesn't
look like i actually can
figures oh well
i was just curious i guess since it's
all plot and i could only get one
and that
duplicated to exactly four um
yeah okay what should i make
it shouldn't matter what i do on this
what material should i use
[Music]
and
some of these
[Music]
oh what the heck we'll throw that on
which cauldron is best
okay then let's start this material goes
here
yeah this is good
this material goes here
this is great all right this is going
well
all right this is going well
[Music]
this is great
this should go here there we go
okay
compass of hades
[Music]
not that it really matters at all i'm
sure
two away from another level
let's see
anything else i want to make while i'm
here
i think i wanted to make another one of
these should i choose
actually let me make a stall metal that
might be good for attack
which material should i choose
what's gonna take three raiden or i
won't bother what kind of stuff should i
make
i won't bother making a different one
material
so what we want
we sort by category value
yeah we'll sort by quality
[Music]
and what does size super enhance
effectively do
increases item effect as size increases
well
stable effect plus plus
area bonus what's that dude number of
targets times five percent that might be
good
[Music]
inflict weak has a chance to inflict
weak when dealing damage that might be
good
fast use may be good
[Music]
now it decreases power well we'll throw
it in there anyway
um
[Applause]
and we'll just include one of them
[Music]
construction up increases attack item
effect by seven and
power increases by number of targets so
since 15 that sounds really nice
means i have so many other effects
grab that
and grab that
[Music]
actually we'll use
will this go wow
use the practice cauldron
i want to try to get things that are red
and especially
blue
so if we do going great
that there
actually if we put that one
there
[Music]
it's going great and that's there
wow that one looks kind of amazing
here this looks great
oh that's gonna mess things up
it's going great
[Music]
this would be best you think this would
be best here
[Music]
we'll go with that let's see what that
does
um
[Music]
i'll try this here
all right this looks great
let's try that what does that do
[Music]
meant to look for what it did but
small missile no heal medium
and we want
[Music]
power increases by multiple targets
and inflict weak okay
and we will give that
[Music]
to canaria
instead of one of these
now if the recipe ideas no not recipe
ideas we want to check
events
so we need to wait for the doll body to
be made
[Music]
not sure how long that's going to take
now let's go to the cafe
[Music]
hey meister that's really wasteful
really
i don't think this can be used any
further no it's important to economize
every little thing counts there's truth
to that
but hello
oh welcome welcome sophie
what were you talking about it's about
ingredients there's still
some usable stuff left it's wasteful to
throw it away
so you're trying to economize yeah
that's right
for example putting food aside you can
also reuse the cloths for drying glasses
and
as dust cloths
there's plenty of ways to economize
meister
you might be right about that perhaps i
should try to economize more
that's right oh by the way i was
thinking about one really good way for a
while
what's that i want to know too
just try not to be too surprised okay
you could dry out use tea leaves and
sell them for cheap
it's good for the environment too what
do you think
[Music]
that's a little yes that's one thing my
pride would never allow
wait it's no good yes that proposal is
rejected
what but i thought it was a good idea
[Music]
welcome what rumor do you wish to hear
let's see is that rumor
thank you very much i just noticed that
these are like juicing up all my money
[Music]
so monica likes cute accessories okay
which request um
[Music]
let's turn in this
thank you very much get a bit of money
there
uh these i can turn in that's easy
[Music]
enough
thank you very much
those i'm not sure about for since i
don't know where they are
craft i still haven't managed to get
craft
[Music]
because i thought those were more
usually like newbie items but
oh i bet it's that any bag that has that
trader effect that i don't know about
twin header
[Music]
i don't see me tend to refuse it real
quick
yeah i'm not doing that
i'll keep this just on the off chance i
see one
[Music]
now if we go to the world map actually
let me check something
here
you have a wonder shirt you have a
wonder shirt okay yeah i did get
everyone
actually i don't know if i have
weapons for him yet
let's go to the blacksmith
i've got some new wear what are you
buying
um i'm gonna grab some more of these
[Music]
let's see we have that
we have that get the piercing bullets
though
these are all the same right yeah they
are
so i think eco skill is definitely a
good one
it's power by seven consumption by seven
yes so we definitely want eco skill
and
[Music]
that will go on a weapon increases
attack and speed by five
maybe that
oh damage absorb we want damage absorbed
[Music]
do we have damage absorb on
anything that's better quality
[Music]
we want that sort we want to
i guess start by quality since we can't
filter
attack boost damage absorb plus
hmm that's quality b
i'll go ahead and get it
no tell me which materials to use i'll
use it on him
oh plus i can use to use these for
attack speed and damage absorb
well that's easy
[Music]
oh except i wanted eco do i have eco
skill on anything
here and put cuts easily there
quality up
[Music]
we do have eco skill here
choose the traits you want to add and
we'll do that and that and
that's all right all right it's done i
think it turned out well
all right these should work then i'll go
call harold
bullets for my guns huh you showed me
the guns before
i made these from my memory what do you
think yeah
i think these would be fine i see that's
good
still i was never really concerned about
the bullets i used up until now
it's important for the guns themselves
to be well made but the bullets you use
can change their effectiveness as well
it's the same as any projectile weapon
you can change the ammunition you use to
emphasize velocity
density etc interesting
huh i didn't know they had different
purposes
you use different items against
different enemies too right
it's similar to that i see now that you
mention it
if you modify your guns come see me
again it's dangerous to use bullets that
don't fit right
yeah thanks for that i'll see you later
[Music]
that's uh i guess it's interesting that
yeah he
crafts bullets for that since harold
crafts his own guns
but okay whatever
okay now let's go
to the world map
[Music]
where do you intend to go next
i think i have pretty much been to all
the places i can get to
have i been to the husk forest
actually i don't know if i've been to
the husk forest
doesn't look particularly interesting
[Music]
hmm
i guess we'll go to the fungal garden
spend a little bit of time there
[Music]
beat up some poonies
we can easily beat them
there
[Music]
that wasn't satisfying next
all those support attacks do make things
easy
there's another puny back here
i don't like the feel of this i do not
like the feel of this either
[Music]
ow why are you guarding you're dead
oh that's interesting
guard won't kill them
that's interesting
[Music]
i think i'm going to lose
okay well we need to heal up
[Music]
um
okay no not you powerful enemy
stay alert
why did it go to you i wanted the poonie
[Music]
come here poonie
thank you this looks easy there's a
green one
fire that was hardly even target
practice
now can i get away from that guy thank
you
[Music]
where is
see now there's only two enemies here
wait there's a poony
still not gold what is this
[Music]
again it goes with the not ones i'm
trying to hit
[Music]
let's see how she does with the new
attack item
and you definitely need the soul step
even though it's near the end of the
[Music]
round
this is
[Music]
leave it to me
i lost of course it went for corny
corey there um
[Music]
uh we'll do that on you
valkyrie raid and
[Music]
[Applause]
um
breakthrough will still not help
[Music]
we'll do aim snipe there finish it off
before it's warning hopefully
[Music]
[Applause]
all right come here
this looks puny let's end this quick
i think okay
[Music]
meditate everyone else attacks
that was hardly even target practice
[Music]
okay one more set of poonies
[Applause]
[Music]
there here i go
that wasn't satisfying next
[Music]
and let's see
okay one more okay turn it
i don't like the feel of this be careful
[Music]
not want to fight you guys right now
who did i hit of course it's these guys
couldn't be the poonies that i was
walking into
[Music]
get off of me
persistent booger
[Music]
we can easily beat them
and still no gold pennies
hope this hits that was hardly even
target practice
all right i'm going to run through
where do you intend to go next through
here real quick
um
[Music]
and you use that
i'm gonna i guess i'll try fighting this
just to see on the off chance
if a gold pootie's with him no solo of
course
well i don't think i fought these guys
[Music]
before
how many hp's do you have 351.
okay i'll go ahead and soul step
and we will immerse in this kick and
aim snipe
i'll use an item on the enemy
[Music]
grand rey
this is dangerous
leave it to me
[Music]
okay nothing there
still no gold ponies
[Music]
let's fight one of these guys
and then we'll head back to the atlier
since i need to refresh these things
[Music]
anyway
time to attack with items
[Music]
time for an elegant finish
don't blame me for whatever happens
okay
[Music]
yeah this is uh no problem at all
that was hardly even target practice and
we got a couple levels so that's fine
i feel stronger bonus 12.
i think i'm stronger and taller
and miscellaneous items
okay grab these
[Music]
and we'll head back
[Laughter]
[Music]
fritz it's complete
it's finally complete um
what's complete pluckta's body
my body yes it's my greatest work
a somewhat innocent yet cool and
dignified face
the body of a young woman complete with
beautiful curves and features
and of course it's both strong and
durable
this is it this really is it
this is my greatest masterpiece
[Music]
i see but this doll really is cute
yes i believe this will suffice as the
vessel for plucked his soul
yeah thank you so much fritz no problem
i'll be going now
[Music]
it looks like fritz worked really hard
to make your body plotta
it seems so i can feel an unbelievable
amount of detail and dedication in this
doll
yeah we'll need to thank fritz properly
later
the doll's body and wind up springs to
move clothes for her to wear
and the compass of hades to move her
soul yeah it's all ready
plopta everything's all set to turn you
into a doll
you actually did it to be honest i'm
surprised
it must have been a lot of work to come
this far
thank you very much sophie
i couldn't have done all this alone it
was spritz and harold
leon and corey monica oscar and julio
too
anyway lots of people helped me that's
why i was able to come this far
still that doesn't change the fact that
you worked very hard
that's why i want to say thank you
sophie thank you for doing all of this
for my sake
[Music]
[Applause]
wait plocta it's still too early to say
that
you should say it once you've become the
doll
i suppose so okay
then i guess i need to assemble your
body first
let's see i need to install the wind-up
springs into your body
there next i need to put the clothes on
okay it's done so this is my body
yeah that's right all that's left is to
use the compass of hades to move your
soul
yes once i do that
you'll become this doll all right i
should invite monica an oscar
this is a once in a lifetime chance to
see your debut
um no that's not really necessary
anyway i'll be back in a little while
[Music]
she really does go out of her way
[Applause]
i know you came to me before about
plucked his memories but
i never thought you'd do something like
this
i was always kind of thinking this but
you do some crazy things sometimes
sophie
i know plocta used to be human but
normal people would never think about
turning a book into
a doll you know
[Music]
i guess that's true but this is for
plata
i'd feel bad if she never got her
memories back
i wanted to do everything i could for
her once i started thinking that way
i couldn't stop
i don't know if i should call that
reckless or not thinking about
consequences
yeah but i think that's just part of
what makes sophie sophie
yes you're right that's one of her
strengths
oh stop it you two you're making me
blush
[Music]
huh do i have a visitor this time
yes come in hello
sophie macklin automa
why are you here we felt like you were
doing something interesting now
so we came over looks like we were spot
on
do you mind if we watch too
[Music]
oh i see well you two have helped me a
lot
okay i understand you two can watch too
thank you sophie you have our gratitude
anyway what are you planning to do well
you see
i'm going to be turning plata into a
doll
plot oh you mean that book
that sounds wonderful i didn't think
we'd get to see something
that amazing yeah i agree
anyway we'll just be quietly watching
okay then i guess we should get started
[Music]
i did my best to refill them
i need to get some more money um
and it looks like we have a break in the
cut scenes
we are somewhat over a half an hour now
we will work on doing
this no doubt major event later
this is the suspense well i hope you
enjoy
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time where we will no doubt
have more cut scenes
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet your
sophie my name is karsten
so we have a big event ready certainly
everyone here is
gathered around
[Music]
and it just says to move her soul into
the doll so
let's talk to everyone if you got time
to talk to me you should be turning
plucked into a doll
shouldn't you be talking to papa instead
of me right now
[Music]
seems we're quite lucky being able to
witness such an important moment in
history
i'm excited about this very excited
[Music]
sophie please begin
i'll start now placta yes please do so
sophie
okay
oh compass of hades guide plot the soul
sophie
[Music]
it worked it really worked yes
it seems so it's quite refreshing being
able to stand eye to eye with you
i feel the same way this is like a dream
having you able to stand next to me what
are you talking about sophie
this isn't a dream it's unmistakably
reality
a reality more splendid than any other
that you made possible
now let me thank you properly sophie
thank you for giving me a body again
thank you
for working so hard for my sake
i'm glad i'm so glad sophie there's
nothing to cry about
this is a happy occasion
[Music]
looks like it's all done sophie started
crying all of a sudden though
that was more surprising for me hey
oscar you shouldn't say things like that
she worked really hard let her cry a
little
we got to see something really great
atomina
yes i'm quite impressed mechlet
but i'm really glad it worked to be
honest
i was a little scared the doll parts
were all made by others
they're all really skilled so i didn't
think there would be a problem there
but i was the one who made the compass
of hades i was worried about that not
working
if i failed and you disappeared plucta
you might be all alone in the atlier
again
i wasn't even slightly worried i
believed in you
sophie
yeah thanks all right
we should go show you off to all the
people who helped us
um no i said before that such spectacles
were unnecessary
don't worry about it let's go
hey those two have completely forgotten
about us
yes but they both seem very happy
we were thinking about leaving soon but
i don't know about
leaving without telling our host yeah
that's right
i guess we have no choice we'll just
stay and have tea until they get back
[Music]
that sounds good i'll go prepare the tea
foreign
[Music]
do
oh